User Document
	The goal of our project is to create a game for others to play and hopefully enjoy. We chose to implement a Blackjack game. In our version of the game the player is initially dealt a hand and then has the option to decide his or her winning fate. The player has the choice to continue to be dealt cards or stand their ground with what they have been dealt. The ultimate goal of the Blackjack game is to be the first to reach 21. Although a player can win if they have the highest score, they must not go over 21 for it is considered a bust which is an automatic loss. To make this game a bit more interesting, not that it was by choice, we added four use cases to implement in our game. The use cases we chose to allows the user to bet, see statistics, add a player, and to see a main menu option for the user to choose from.
	We chose to bring a gambling aspect to the game by adding the use case ‘bet’. The player is given an option to play a game with or without betting. The ‘bet’ use case allows the player to place a wager on his hand in the game. The user has four set amounts he can choose from to place his bet. If the player losses his hand he losses whatever amount he bet out. However, if he wins his hand he retains and gains whatever he bet out.
	In order to make the player feel like he is not getting hoaxed by the dealer we chose to implement an extra player. The ‘add player’ use case allows the user to choose whether he or she wants to play with one other besides the dealer. The add player option allows the player to see another hand besides just the dealer. With this use case, it adds a competitive advantage to the player by increase the variety of cards to be dealt. 
	Having a ‘statistics’ use case is another option the player is allowed to choose from. This is an added feature to give the player a sense of accomplishment or defeat. The player has the ability to keep up with his wins or losses by picking this option. The player is also allowed to see the total games he has played.
	Last but not least, is the ‘menu’ option use case. The menu allows the user to to be able to choose from several different options dependent upon how the player wishes to proceed. The player has an option where he or she is allowed to play just a regular game with no strings attached. The bet option is available for the player to choose if he would like to take a gambling chance in a game. There is the add player option so the player doesn’t feel so lonely. Then there is the option where the player can see his stats as to how many games he or she has played and the amount of wins or losses. 
	Our version of Blackjack we implemented has several use cases we hope will give the player a variety of ways to play. We implemented a menu option use case that holds the following use cases : bet, add player , and statistics. With these use cases the player has the option to play something other than just plain ol’ Blackjack.
